[Music]
we love oranges for the fruity vitamin
nature but we don't realize that would
make a huge mistake throwing away their
peels it turns out that they can be used
in so many different ways
don't miss the fun bonus at the end and
watch out for three light bulbs the
symbols of bright side we've hidden in
this video when you find them make sure
to let us know in the comment section
DIY aroma candle scented candles at a
special aroma twist to your house and
home to make one of those yourself cut
the orange in half remove all of its
contents carefully leaving the stem
intact then fill the peel bowl with any
cooking oil you like use the stem as a
natural wick voila your house will now
smell like oranges and it will cost you
a cent ho romance save your plants
oranges might smell like heaven to you
but they sure don't do your pets you can
make use of this secret to protect your
plants from being bitten and scratched
by your cat just rub the peels of your
favorite potted plants your fluffy
friend will not love the oil these peels
leave behind and will stay away from it
to save your outdoor plants from bugs
try spreading fresh orange peels around
your garden they will also work their
magic keeping all the unwanted insect
guests away from your greenery keep the
insects away thankfully orange oil works
as a repellent not only with cats but
also with insects mosquitoes cockroaches
and other bugs will leave you alone if
you spray yourself with an orange peel
repellent make it super simple all you
have to do is dry some peels blend them
with water and keep the liquid in a
spray bottle to be used whenever you
need it
rubbing orange peels onto your skin will
have a similar effect if you don't have
time to make the spray great natural
cleaner there is an easy cheap and 100%
organic way to clean floors windows and
other surfaces in your home yes orange
peels can really do all that just add
some to a bottle of vinegar and put
in the fridge for a few weeks shake it
from time to time to stir the mix when
the time is right pour it in a spray
bottle to use easily on different
surfaces refresher dinnerware take good
care of your glasses forks and spoons
and free them from the water stains and
soap scum fill the sink with warm water
and put some orange peels in it
let your dinnerware soak in this orange
bath for a few minutes and you will love
the results the citric acid will wash
away all the blurs are you finding the
light bulbs they're in here somewhere a
natural sponge you can use fresh orange
peels as natural sponges that leave the
surface clean and dry giving it a nice
citrusy fragrance try it on your
stovetop you can make it your little
household secret DIY body scrub if
you're looking for a hundred percent
organic body scrub why not make one
yourself to be 100 percent organically
sure wrap some orange peels in
cheesecloth and tied firmly you can use
it like a loofah when taking a shower
you are guaranteed to get firmer and
brighter skin if you do it regularly if
you prefer baths to showers try and
grinding some dried peels in a food
processor and adding them to the water
you're about to get into not a bad home
spa
start a fire orange peels offer a fiery
solution for those who love camping but
have trouble starting a campfire the
citrus rind will work just as good as
old newspapers or other burning
materials if you don't have any at hand
you can also try using them for your
hearth to clean your chimney of creosote
and fill your home with a festive
fragrance deodorize your trash can and
smelly fridge no one likes the smell of
trash that mixture of yesterday's lunch
and today's onions
yikes get rid of it with this simple
trick before putting the trash bag in
the can lay some dried peels on the
bottom as an alternative try grinding
some peels in the bag to prevent the
odor from spreading your fridge
hopefully is not as smelly as a trash
can but still doesn't smell quite like
roses does it fill a bowl of half an
orange peel with salt and leave it in
the fridge it will help absorb the odors
and out of citrus notes to your food
storage shoe deodorant smelly feet can
ruin good looks you've been working on
for ages and ruin a deal or a date it is
often the fault of the shoe
manufacturers that your feet stink but
you don't want to explain that to your
business partners right instead keep
your shoes fresh with orange peels cut
some orange peels and make an orange
filled sachet for each shoe the peels
will do a great job absorbing the odor
and keeping your shoes fresh no more
stinky feet bonus
orange smile this use of orange peels
won't save your plants or refresh your
home but it will surely brighten your
day get creative with your kids or your
friends and start an orange party eat
the fruit and keep the peels to cut some
fun crazy designs to stick in your mouth
now walk around as orange monsters
trying to stay serious about it see
who'll be the first to burst out
laughing have you tried any of these
orange peel tricks or maybe you know
some of your own feel free to share in
the comments also let us know if you
found the light bulbs if you like this
video let us know by using the special
thumbs up button if it gets 50,000 likes
we'll share another video with some cool
ideas on how to use the most
ordinary things subscribe to our channel
not to miss it and other updates we have
coming up stay with us on the bright
side of life
you